src/components/ProfileCard/ProfileCard.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Canvas, Story, ArgsTable } from "@storybook/blocks";
import ProfileCard from ".";

<Meta title="Components/ProfileCard" />

## ProfileCard

Bridge-the-gap best team displayed on this cards

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default">
    <ProfileCard
      photoUrl="photo_6.png"
      name="Irina (Samoylova) Illustrova"
      role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
      twitter="#"
      linkedin="#"
      github="#"
    />
  </Story>
  <Story name="Group">
    <div className="grid grid-cols-2 gap-10">
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Varya Stepanova"
        role="Design systems architect and engineering manager"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/varya_en"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/varyastepanova/"
        github="https://github.com/varya"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Irina (Samoylova) Illustrova"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/illustrova"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/illustrova/"
        github="https://github.com/Illustrova"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Sherif Saleh"
        role="Design manager"
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/salehsherif/"
        github="https://github.com/sherifsaleh"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Andriy Kotko"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/Kotkoa"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kotkoa/"
        github="https://github.com/kotkoa"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="rectangle_64.jpg"
        name="Alexandra Stepanova"
        role="Senior Frontend Developer"
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandra-stepanova"
        github="https://github.com/alexandra-stepanova"
      />
    </div>
  </Story>
  <Story name="Column">
    <div className="flex flex-col gap-10">
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Varya Stepanova"
        role="Design systems architect and engineering manager"
        description="As an independent consultant, Varya helps companies to launch and boost their design systems. Her major focus is bridging the gap for designers, developers, and business specialists. That all is seasoned with extensive experience in component-driven UI development and a design degree."
        twitter="https://twitter.com/varya_en"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/varyastepanova/"
        github="https://github.com/varya"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Irina (Samoylova) Illustrova"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        description="Sherif is a senior product designer. He crafts deligthful experiences through data analytics, user research, prototypes and validation. Sherif has extensive experience with design systems and years of working for financial services, banks and automotive."
        twitter="https://twitter.com/illustrova"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/illustrova/"
        github="https://github.com/Illustrova"
        reverse
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Sherif Saleh"
        role="Design manager"
        description="As an independent consultant, Varya helps companies to launch and boost their design systems. Her major focus is bridging the gap for designers, developers, and business specialists. That all is seasoned with extensive experience in component-driven UI development and a design degree."
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/salehsherif/"
        github="https://github.com/sherifsaleh"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Andriy Kotko"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/Kotkoa"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kotkoa/"
        github="https://github.com/kotkoa"
        reverse
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="rectangle_64.jpg"
        name="Alexandra Stepanova"
        role="Senior Frontend Developer"
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandra-stepanova"
        github="https://github.com/alexandra-stepanova"
      />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable of={ProfileCard} />

Commit message:

chore: Update ProfileCard component with social-media icons optional

src/components/ProfileCard/ProfileCard.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Canvas, Story, ArgsTable } from "@storybook/blocks";
import ProfileCard from ".";

<Meta title="Components/ProfileCard" />

## ProfileCard

Bridge-the-gap best team displayed on this cards

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default">
    <ProfileCard
      photoUrl="photo_6.png"
      name="Irina (Samoylova) Illustrova"
      role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
      twitter="#"
      linkedin="#"
      github="#"
    />
  </Story>
  <Story name="Group">
    <div className="grid grid-cols-2 gap-10">
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Varya Stepanova"
        role="Design systems architect and engineering manager"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/varya_en"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/varyastepanova/"
        github="https://github.com/varya"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Irina (Samoylova) Illustrova"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/illustrova"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/illustrova/"
        github="https://github.com/Illustrova"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Sherif Saleh"
        role="Design manager"
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/salehsherif/"
        github="https://github.com/sherifsaleh"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Andriy Kotko"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/Kotkoa"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kotkoa/"
        github="https://github.com/kotkoa"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="rectangle_64.jpg"
        name="Alexandra Stepanova"
        role="Senior Frontend Developer"
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandra-stepanova"
        github="https://github.com/alexandra-stepanova"
      />
    </div>
  </Story>
  <Story name="Column">
    <div className="flex flex-col gap-10">
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Varya Stepanova"
        role="Design systems architect and engineering manager"
        description="As an independent consultant, Varya helps companies to launch and boost their design systems. Her major focus is bridging the gap for designers, developers, and business specialists. That all is seasoned with extensive experience in component-driven UI development and a design degree."
        twitter="https://twitter.com/varya_en"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/varyastepanova/"
        github="https://github.com/varya"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Irina (Samoylova) Illustrova"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        description="Sherif is a senior product designer. He crafts deligthful experiences through data analytics, user research, prototypes and validation. Sherif has extensive experience with design systems and years of working for financial services, banks and automotive."
        twitter="https://twitter.com/illustrova"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/illustrova/"
        github="https://github.com/Illustrova"
        reverse
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Sherif Saleh"
        role="Design manager"
        description="As an independent consultant, Varya helps companies to launch and boost their design systems. Her major focus is bridging the gap for designers, developers, and business specialists. That all is seasoned with extensive experience in component-driven UI development and a design degree."
        twitter="#"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/salehsherif/"
        github="https://github.com/sherifsaleh"
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="photo_6.png"
        name="Andriy Kotko"
        role="Senior Frontend Engineer"
        twitter="https://twitter.com/Kotkoa"
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kotkoa/"
        github="https://github.com/kotkoa"
        reverse
      />
      <ProfileCard
        photoUrl="rectangle_64.jpg"
        name="Alexandra Urberg"
        role="UI Engineer"
        description="Alexandra is a detail-oriented UI Engineer, specializing in creating intuitive and user-friendly interfaces. Her skillset includes TypeScript, Storybook, Web Components, Lit, and React. Alexandra's passion for UI/UX design drives her to explore innovative ways to enhance user experience, with a particular
        focus on accessibility, ensuring that websites are user-friendly for all. 
        She has been instrumental in various design system projects. Her commitment to detail is particularly beneficial in design-system specific tasks, where precision and consistency are key."
        linkedin="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandra-stepanova"
        github="https://github.com/alexandra-stepanova"
      />
    </div>

  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable of={ProfileCard} />
